README.md, before:

Game Library + Memory Game (Vanilla JS)

Persistence (Supabase)
- API route `api/suggestions.js` uses Supabase to persist suggestions.
- Configure Vercel Project Environment Variables:
  - `SUPABASE_URL`
  - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` (server-only, recommended for writes)
  - `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` (optional fallback)
- Frontend posts to `/api/suggestions`; falls back to localStorage if the API isn’t available.

Supabase table
Create a `suggestions` table (SQL example):

```
create table if not exists public.suggestions (
  id uuid primary key default gen_random_uuid(),
  name text not null,
  email text not null,
  title text not null,
  description text not null,
  created_at timestamptz not null default now()
);
```

Grant read access to `anon` if you want GET to work without service role (optional):

```
alter table public.suggestions enable row level security;
create policy "read_suggestions" on public.suggestions for select using (true);
```

Local development
- Static pages run without a server; suggestion form saves to localStorage if the API isn’t configured.

Overview
- Simple, functional memory game built with plain HTML/CSS/JS.
- Clean separation: `src/game.js` contains game logic; `src/main.js` handles UI.
- Designed for easy extension (themes, scoring, levels, persistence).

Getting Started
- Open `index.html` to view the game library.
- Click “Memory Game” to open `memory.html` and play.
- In Memory Game: choose board size (4x4 or 6x6), click tiles to match pairs.

Project Structure
- `index.html` — Main game library page
- `memory.html` — Memory game page (standalone)
- `checkers.html` — Checkers game page (standalone)
- `utopia.html` — Tiny Utopia cozy idle sandbox
- `src/style.css` — Minimal styling and card flip effect
- `src/game.js` — Core game engine (state, shuffling, moves, events)
- `src/main.js` — DOM rendering, event wiring, HUD, and interactions
- `src/checkers.js` — Checkers core (board, turn, move validation)
- `src/checkers_ui.js` — Checkers UI rendering and interactions
- `src/utopia.js` — Tiny Utopia ecosystem engine
- `src/utopia_ui.js` — Tiny Utopia UI, island rendering, ambience

Extending the Game
- New symbol sets: pass a custom `symbols` array when creating `MemoryGame`.
- Different sizes: call `game.reset({ size: 6 })` or use the selector.
- Scoring: subscribe to `move`, `match`, `win` events in `main.js`.
- Persistence: store and load best time/moves from `localStorage`.
- Accessibility: enhance ARIA labels and keyboard navigation in `main.js`.
- Theming: add CSS variables and toggle themes via a button.

Game API (src/game.js)
- `new MemoryGame({ size, symbols })` — Create a game with square board.
- `game.on(event, handler)` — Subscribe to: `reset`, `flip`, `move`, `match`, `mismatch`, `update`, `win`.
- `game.reset({ size, symbols })` — New deck, clears state.
- `game.flip(index)` — Flip card at index if allowed.
- `game.flipBack([i, j])` — Flip back non-matching pair.
- Public state: `rows`, `cols`, `moves`, `matchedPairs`, `totalPairs`, `isComplete`, `timeElapsedMs`, `deck`.

Notes
- No build step or dependencies; runs offline.
- Uses emojis for symbols to avoid external assets.

Contributing
- See agents/software_developer.md:1 for coding conventions, structure, and implementation tips.
- See agents/game_designer.md:1 for design pillars, UX guidelines, and balancing notes.

Commit message:

Docs: add local Vercel CLI run instructions

README.md, after:

Game Library + Memory Game (Vanilla JS)

Persistence (Supabase)
- API route `api/suggestions.js` uses Supabase to persist suggestions.
- Configure Vercel Project Environment Variables:
  - `SUPABASE_URL`
  - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` (server-only, recommended for writes)
  - `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` (optional fallback)
- Frontend posts to `/api/suggestions`; falls back to localStorage if the API isn’t available.

Supabase table
Create a `suggestions` table (SQL example):

```
create table if not exists public.suggestions (
  id uuid primary key default gen_random_uuid(),
  name text not null,
  email text not null,
  title text not null,
  description text not null,
  created_at timestamptz not null default now()
);
```

Grant read access to `anon` if you want GET to work without service role (optional):

```
alter table public.suggestions enable row level security;
create policy "read_suggestions" on public.suggestions for select using (true);
```

Local development
- Static pages run without a server; suggestion form saves to localStorage if the API isn’t configured.

Local run (Vercel CLI)
- Install the Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
- Create and fill `./.env.local` (or copy from `.env.local.example`). Ensure these exist:
  - `SUPABASE_URL`
  - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` (recommended for local dev)
  - `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` (optional)
- Start the local dev server from the repo root:
  - `vercel dev`
- Open `http://localhost:3000` and use the Suggest form.
  - The form POSTs to `http://localhost:3000/api/suggestions` and should persist to your Supabase project.

Notes
- Keep `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` only in server-side environments (it’s safe in `api/*` code on Vercel/`vercel dev`, but do not expose it in client-side JS).
- If you prefer, you can use `vercel env pull .env.local` to sync env vars from your Vercel project.

Overview
- Simple, functional memory game built with plain HTML/CSS/JS.
- Clean separation: `src/game.js` contains game logic; `src/main.js` handles UI.
- Designed for easy extension (themes, scoring, levels, persistence).

Getting Started
- Open `index.html` to view the game library.
- Click “Memory Game” to open `memory.html` and play.
- In Memory Game: choose board size (4x4 or 6x6), click tiles to match pairs.

Project Structure
- `index.html` — Main game library page
- `memory.html` — Memory game page (standalone)
- `checkers.html` — Checkers game page (standalone)
- `utopia.html` — Tiny Utopia cozy idle sandbox
- `src/style.css` — Minimal styling and card flip effect
- `src/game.js` — Core game engine (state, shuffling, moves, events)
- `src/main.js` — DOM rendering, event wiring, HUD, and interactions
- `src/checkers.js` — Checkers core (board, turn, move validation)
- `src/checkers_ui.js` — Checkers UI rendering and interactions
- `src/utopia.js` — Tiny Utopia ecosystem engine
- `src/utopia_ui.js` — Tiny Utopia UI, island rendering, ambience

Extending the Game
- New symbol sets: pass a custom `symbols` array when creating `MemoryGame`.
- Different sizes: call `game.reset({ size: 6 })` or use the selector.
- Scoring: subscribe to `move`, `match`, `win` events in `main.js`.
- Persistence: store and load best time/moves from `localStorage`.
- Accessibility: enhance ARIA labels and keyboard navigation in `main.js`.
- Theming: add CSS variables and toggle themes via a button.

Game API (src/game.js)
- `new MemoryGame({ size, symbols })` — Create a game with square board.
- `game.on(event, handler)` — Subscribe to: `reset`, `flip`, `move`, `match`, `mismatch`, `update`, `win`.
- `game.reset({ size, symbols })` — New deck, clears state.
- `game.flip(index)` — Flip card at index if allowed.
- `game.flipBack([i, j])` — Flip back non-matching pair.
- Public state: `rows`, `cols`, `moves`, `matchedPairs`, `totalPairs`, `isComplete`, `timeElapsedMs`, `deck`.

Notes
- No build step or dependencies; runs offline.
- Uses emojis for symbols to avoid external assets.

Contributing
- See agents/software_developer.md:1 for coding conventions, structure, and implementation tips.
- See agents/game_designer.md:1 for design pillars, UX guidelines, and balancing notes.
